buhriz hunt
buhriz_night hunt
contact hunt
contact_night hunt
district hunt
district_night hunt
embassy hunt
embassy_night hunt
heights hunt
heights_night hunt
kandagal hunt
kandagal_night hunt
market hunt
market_night hunt
ministry hunt
ministry_night hunt
panj hunt
panj_night hunt
peak hunt
peak_night hunt
revolt hunt
revolt_night hunt
siege hunt
sinjar hunt
sinjar_night hunt
station hunt
station_night hunt
tell hunt
tell_night hunt
uprising hunt
uprising_night hunt
verticality hunt
verticality_night hunt
buhriz_coop checkpoint
district_coop checkpoint
embassy_coop checkpoint
heights_coop checkpoint
market_coop checkpoint
ministry_coop checkpoint
revolt_coop checkpoint
siege_coop checkpoint
sinjar_coop checkpoint
tell_coop checkpoint
verticality_coop checkpoint
buhriz conquer
buhriz_night conquer
contact conquer
contact_night conquer
district conquer
district_night conquer
embassy conquer
embassy_night conquer
heights conquer
heights_night conquer
kandagal conquer
kandagal_night conquer
market conquer
market_night conquer
ministry conquer
ministry_night conquer
panj conquer
panj_night conquer
peak conquer
peak_night conquer
revolt conquer
revolt_night conquer
siege conquer
sinjar conquer
sinjar_night conquer
station conquer
station_night conquer
tell conquer
tell_night conquer
uprising conquer
uprising_night conquer
verticality conquer